---
title: "Personal Report: Q2 2023"
slug: "personal-report-q2-2023-2"
date: "2023-08-11"
status: "draft"
excerpt: ""
feature_image: ""
---

<h2 id="top-3-big-wins">Top 3 Big Wins</h2><p>1.  I Graduated!</p><p>On May 26th 2023, I finished four years of university and recieved my undergraduate degree in Economics and Finance with a minor in Entrepreneurial Leadership. Even though, I didn’t personally think of it as a huge acheivement earlier – since it almost feels like the default path for most people of my socio-economic background. However, come to realise it’s such a privilege to have graduated – and from an amazing university, which gave me an education I’m proud of and will carry with me for a lifetime. For the learning I’ve had from not just within classrooms, but outside, from the wonderful people I met, and the small challenges life living in Sonipat poised me with. While it’s a little sad to know this chapter of my life is ending – I’m forever proud of myself for juggling academics alongside other things that peaked my interest while maintaining my sanity (for the most part).</p><p>2.  Travelling the country!</p><p>In the month of June, I embarked on my adventure for the upcoming quarter as well – travelling India. I’ve always wondered when people described a promising life abroad that I’m seeking greener pastures without even knowing what my home country offers. The nation is so diverse with each state feeling almost seeming even more different than two neighbouring countries in Europe. I’m finally embarking on seeing India :). I think this is a big win already, even though I’m not even half way through yet (even while writing this) – because the biggest struggle was more in my head than anything else. Convincing myself that I was capable of it was the first, second was obviously working out the finances and finally convincing Achan and Amma. But overall having fought every voice in my head that told me – I wasn’t strong enough or that it’s not safe, I’m defintely considering this my biggest win of the quarter! +++ I even stayed in a hotel for the first time on my own!</p><p>3. First Serious Relationship</p><p>This again might be a surprising one for even myself from the previous quarter (though this is the first in this series of reports). Well, I guess this is also overcoming a huge fear of mine – always thought I didn’t have the time and energy to think of another person outside of my own being. However, after re-evaluating I realised as much as I say that, I do seem to have decently prioritised a lot of amazing friends and also kept a great relationship with my parents despite living far away. So, I was probably lying to myself to in a way protect myself – from whatever I was fearing. When somebody that I respected and enjoyed the company of came along, I decided it probably was about time :) </p><h1 id="top-challenges"><strong>Top Challenges</strong></h1><p>1. Prioritising Health</p><p>I’ve been struggling a bit on the health side of things from the beginning of the past quarter again. Since I was in the final weeks of university life, followed by a grad trip and then travelling – I’ve not had a great routine from the beginning of April. I think sleep is the number one thing that was a problem, lack of proper exercise followed by possibly extensive use of alcohol. Since, I’m a litte late on this report – I’m writing this in July – I’d just like to butt in and say that I have since then put more effort into sleeping enough, though sometimes I don’t have a way out since I’m travelling and on trains. I’ve also since then completely avoided alcohol, and will not be drinking as an experiment to see if I can see any sustained changes in my health. I’ve been feeling weaker than usual since April, as I got irregular with badminton. This seems to have also affected my energy levels, mood, nails (white marks – possibly some vitamin deficiency), menstrual cycles (slightly irregular now), hair (feels thinner).</p><p>2. Finding Routine in operating without a set schedule</p><p>It was in the beginning of March when I quit my role at wealth42 – also about time when I had finished all my submissions towards my degree. I was free for possibly the first time in 4 years since I’d had some commitment or the other at all times previously. This meant I had full control over my own time. While this may seem great – it really wasn’t after day 2. I realised I enjoyed routine. This is something I struggled with throughout May and June as well – even after being back home and particularly so when I was travelling. Without routine – I realised I wasn’t keeping up with my health, hygeine and even more so other things that mattered to me like reading the news or skincare, or just learning new things. This is something I’m still struggling with.</p><h1 id="top-3-aspirations-for-the-coming-3-months"><strong>Top 3 Aspirations for the coming 3 months</strong></h1><p>1. Find a way to eat at least 48g of protein everyday</p><p>Find a cheap source of protein that’s non-perishable to carry with me on the road. Or at least find a staple that’s available in 99% of places that I travel to that I make sure to order/buy. I think one thing I could do is include one egg in my diet everyday – though that’s just 1/8th of my minimum target intake.</p><p>2. Get back into programming</p><p>My target for the end of this quarter professionally is to get back in to some programming. I feel very out of touch with core programming particularly Python. I’d like to get to an intermediate level in Python, while brushing up on my querying skills (SQL) though not programming. My target would be to finish Mosh Jobrani’s course and build atleast 2 projects in python – and use SQL to analyse some economics data of my interest.</p><p>3. Make my bed everyday</p><p>This may seem like a small deed – but considering I sleep mostly only in trains and hotels I’ve realised this is something that I haven’t done in ages and it makes me feel extremely dis-organized. I think this is something that has the potential to improve my mood tremendously for the rest of the day – and possibly even helps improve the service staff who change my sheets’s mood later in the day. I’m not sure how I can mitigate this risk completely – however as step 1, I’ve added it to all of my morning alarms so that I can’t forget.</p>