---
title: "Writing"
slug: "writing"
date: "2023-07-23"
status: "published"
excerpt: ""
feature_image: ""
---

<h2 id="personal">Personal</h2><h3 id="races-results"><a href="__GHOST_URL__/races-results/" rel="noreferrer">Races &amp; Results</a></h3><p>Here's a sheet with all the races I've ran so far and my performance at each one till date. I've also mentioned any upcoming races I'm currently training for :)</p><h3 id="asking-people-above-50-the-one-piece-of-advise-they-would-give-their-25-year-old-self"><a href="__GHOST_URL__/asking-people-above-50-the-one-piece-of-advise-they-would-give-their-younger-self/">Asking People Above 50, the one piece of advise they would give their 25 year old self</a></h3><p>Every time I meet people above the age of 50, once I get comfortable with them, I ask them what's the one piece of advise they would like to give their 25 year old self. I've gotten a bunch of interesting responses some witty, some surprising, some thought-provoking. I try to document them here when I get time :)</p><h3 id="what-makes-for-a-dream-job"><a href="__GHOST_URL__/what-makes-for-a-dream-job-2/">What Makes for a dream Job?</a></h3><p>I've been in this personal journey for a while now. I've had multiple learning from working, and much more over the past few months of being on a break to think about what my dream career looks like. I've jotted down my thoughts + notes from resources I went through to answer this question for myself. I thought it might be useful for other folks as well. This page shall remain as a work in progress for me to look upon and keep updating as I learn more about myself.</p><h3 id="quaterly-reports"><a href="__GHOST_URL__/quaterly-report-q2-2023/">Quaterly Reports</a></h3><p>Just like stock exchanges mandate that companies file quarterly reports to their investors, I've recently decided to start writing quarterly reports to myself. You can find an archive of my quarterly reports to myself over here. I look at my top wins, challenges &amp; aspirations of the past quarter and the quarter ahead of me. </p><h3 id="annual-stuff"><a href="__GHOST_URL__/annual-stuff/" rel="noreferrer">Annual Stuff</a></h3><p>A bunch of yearly review's and stuff from over the years. Check this work in progress page out to have a deep dive into who Charu was and is slowly shaping up to be I guess 😄</p><h2 id="general">General</h2><h3 id="aligning-your-investments-to-your-goals"><a href="https://www.wealth42.com/post/aligning-investments-to-goals">Aligning your Investments to your Goals</a></h3><p>Financial goals define the required holding period for an investment. Holding periods help set the right asset allocation at the time of investing. By aligning investments to goals, you can maximize your returns based on your risk capacity. Read more on the 5 steps to align your goals and investments. </p><h3 id="past-performance-not-indicative-of-future-returns"><a href="https://www.wealth42.com/post/past-performance-and-future-returns">Past Performance not indicative of future returns</a></h3><p>As market investors, we’ve all come across the cautionary warning <em>Past performance is not indicative of future returns</em>. So why is past performance not indicative of future returns? If not future returns what else can past performance speak towards? In this blog post, I try to dig deeper. </p><h3 id="how-to-start-contributing-to-open-source"><a href="https://theeconomicskid.blogspot.com/2022/08/how-to-start-contributing-to-open-source.html">How to Start contributing to Open Source?</a></h3><p>If you are active in any developer community, chances are you have come across the buzzword <em>opensource.</em> What is it all about, why should you be a part of the open-source movement and how to get started with contributing to Open Source projects! I’ve got it all covered for you in one place! Read on my blogpost!</p><h3 id="hikewise-kozhikodes-budding-ed-tech-startup"><a href="https://theeconomicskid.blogspot.com/2020/06/hikewise-kozhikodes-budding-ed-tech.html">Hikewise: Kozhikode's budding Ed-Tech Startup</a></h3><p>On the 14th of March, 2020, I had the honor to interview Mr. Mohammed Ammachandy, who is the founder-CEO of Hikewise. Hikewise is an online career counselling company, founded in 2017 which is currently operating out of Kozhikode, Kerala. For a course in college, I decided to interview this home grown startup. Find excerpts from my interview on this post. </p><h3 id="the-evolution-of-profanity-and-gendered-swear-words"><a href="https://theeconomicskid.blogspot.com/2020/01/the-evolution-of-profanity-and-gendered.html">The Evolution of Profanity and Gendered Swear Words</a></h3><p>Words are powerful. Some more than others. Profane words are the most potent of all. They have the drive to blatantly cause and invoke emotional reactions of anger and frustration on others. Today, most abusive swear words are gendered swear words, mostly related to a woman and her sexual desires. Has it always been this way? I explore in this article. </p><h2 id="lists">Lists</h2><h3 id="list-of-things-to-do-in-bangalore"><a href="__GHOST_URL__/list-of-things-to-do-in-bangalore/" rel="noreferrer">List of things to do in Bangalore</a></h3><p>Here's a public service list of things to Bangalore! Things on this list are mostly things my friends have asked me to try out, or I found online and got me excited.  Will keep updating when I find new stuff. Always looking for more reccs! 😄</p><h3 id="list-of-must-try-food-place-in-kozhikode"><a href="__GHOST_URL__/must-try-things-in-kozhikode-food-editon/" rel="noreferrer">List of Must Try Food Place in Kozhikode</a></h3><p>Here are my top food recommendations in Kozhikode - Kerala's food capital + my home town </p><h3 id="list-of-ldr-date-ideas-that-dont-suck"><a href="www.veluthoor.com/list-of-ldr-date-ideas/" rel="noreferrer">List of LDR date ideas that don't suck!</a></h3><h3 id=""><a href="https://t.co/5UGhz8jBKH" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow"></a></h3><p>Self Explanatory list I hope :)</p><p></p><h3 id="-1"><br><br></h3>