---
title: "Dealing with an Injury"
slug: "dealing-with-an-injury"
date: "2025-02-11"
status: "published"
excerpt: ""
feature_image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1602005106541-b79126495de7?crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&fit=max&fm=jpg&ixid=M3wxMTc3M3wwfDF8c2VhcmNofDIxfHxrbmVlJTIweHJheXxlbnwwfHx8fDE3MzkzMzUxMTF8MA&ixlib=rb-4.0.3&q=80&w=2000"
---

<p>The last couple of days have been pretty tough. After a couple of weeks of pain during runs and rest, I finally got a prognosis from my doctor that I have a knee injury which requires a minimum of 6 weeks of rest. The news was quite a blow for me, considering lately life has revolved majorly around fitness - particularly running and sports. My schedule, my lifestyle and even a lot of social circles revolved around these activities. It wouldn't be too far fetched to even say, it had become a new happy place I created. <br><br>The diagnosis pretty much made it seem like all of this was crumbling with a few words from a doctor. My initial reaction was sadness and anger on why this was happening to me. As the very dramatic person I am, when I'm experiencing overwhelming emotions, I ignored everybody who was calling my name for nearly an hour and went to a room and  cried a bit. </p><p>Then mid-crying I suddenly thought, now all my friends are going to becoming super fast and I'll be like a slow toad when I'm back. That was the most randomest thought to have at that point, and it lowkey cracked me up and got me out of the sadness a bit. To myself I thought, "You can barely walk in pain &amp; your thoughts are he/she's going to get faster than me??". </p><p>I suddenly realised I am being dramatic and crying like it's the end of the world when in reality it's just 6 weeks, a little more than a month. It does, of course suck big time, since this was going to be a great time to train with great weather and just in time before the TCSW 10k. This will also mean I don't get to do a birthday run, which really was something I was looking forward to doing. </p><p>But it's ok, it's my chance to allow activity to slow down and focus on other spheres of life, that I'd kind of hit a pause on, while I was in full fledged marathon training. My slightly delulu brain is also telling me, that since swimming is one of the forms of recommended recovery for my injury, it's a sign that I should train for a triathlon. But for now I will hold my horses 😛 because my dad told me "you need to chill, Charu" and for now I think he is right. </p>