---
title: "Life Lately"
slug: "life-lately"
date: "2024-12-02"
status: "published"
excerpt: ""
feature_image: "/images/life-lately.png"
---

<p>This weekend was one of the best I've had in a while in all honesty. I hosted a friends-olympics aka sports-day for my friends in Bangalore, with the full shenanigans of medals and stuff. Seeing so many of my friends coming together to play warmed my heart, in a way I didn't anticipate, in all honesty. While everything didn't go to plan in the exact ways that I anticipated, just seeing all my friends coming together and treating this event as their own, being competitive af and having fun was an indescribable feeling. It felt like I was a kid again, as a friend described it, it was basically sports-day from school, but with adult money (yes a lot of money lol). </p><p>For a while, I've been in an exploratory phase of life, I've discovered a lot about the things I'm enjoying doing, a lot of that involved getting back in touch with things  that my inner child wanted, or as I usually phrase it, things young Charu would look up to. I think this weekend, was one of those moments.</p><p>Sports-day was always one of my favourite times of the year, not because I was particularly spectacular at sports for most my life, in fact quite the opposite. Back when I was in school, they would distribute the medals for badminton during sports-day, and that's probably the one time of the year, people would know of my existence (or atleast that was a time I got a lot of validation). But apart from this, I would be that person, who would participate in more events than I was allowed to, by the school, but nobody really cared because I never stood a chance of winning anyways. Now, as an adult who thinks of herself as 'sporty', I think it's a full circle moment. </p><p>However, this sports-day around it wasn't about being good at sports or anything anymore, but it was much more about playing with my friends like we were children again. I'm so glad to have found a community here in Bangalore of people who took out an entire day of their weekend to share this moment. I think it's one of those moments that I couldn't have believed a year ago when I moved. </p>