---
title: "Mundane Life"
slug: "mundane-life"
date: "2024-01-26"
status: "published"
excerpt: ""
feature_image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1508138221679-760a23a2285b?crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&fit=max&fm=jpg&ixid=M3wxMTc3M3wwfDF8c2VhcmNofDZ8fHJhbmRvbXxlbnwwfHx8fDE3MDgxNjc1Njd8MA&ixlib=rb-4.0.3&q=80&w=2000"
---

<p>All my life I convinced myself would be amazing, when I had a job I loved and time to do all of my favorite hobbies on the side, and an amazing community of people I enjoyed hanging with on the weekends. I now work reasonable hours with people I enjoy working with, on things that I enjoy working on. Post work, I play badminton and make time to read stuff I enjoy. On days I don't work, I spend time with people I enjoy hanging out with, and explore the new city I've moved to, just a few months ago. On paper, it seems like I've arrived at what I once deemed to be, my perfect life. <br><br>I'm not sure if I'm going down a grass is greener on the other side line of thought, or if, life in college was just the peak of greatness I will never hit again. However, after some thought, I think it may be a mix of a few things. In my current life, while unlike most young professionals, I do have enough flexibility in the times and ways I work, I still feel like I work on other people's schedule and that I owe my employer my time. Where as in college, I had a very limited fixed time that I had to spend in class. The scope for randomness of life seems to have reduced drastically. Today when I go to work in the morning, I know my day isn't going to be too different from what I expected in the morning. A similar event seems less likely to happen in college. Even if decided to sit down for an hour long study session, the probability of that actually going through was very low. Most likely one of my friends' Sejal or Karishni would barge in to my room with exciting gossip, or drag me out of the room to taste the latest flavor of ice cream at the Amul outlet on campus or participate in some dance off. </p><p>I wonder how most people manage to make their lives filled with more randomness and excitement. Or am I really just setting myself up for disappointment by setting up such high expectations.  </p>