---
title: "Life Lately :)"
slug: "thailand"
date: "2025-04-18"
status: "published"
excerpt: ""
feature_image: "/images/life-lately-2.jpg"
---

<p>Writing this as I'm wrapping up my Thailand Trip and heading back to India. </p><p>The last week has been a week of lots of firsts - I went snorkelling, ate at a Michellin star restaurant, swam in the ocean on my own and got a massage for first time! All of which are things I've either really wanted to do for a while or have been extremely scared about doing for the longest time!</p><p>In all honesty the month has been pretty rough, been questioning a lot of my life choices and it's kind of hit me that I need to gear up and take more control of my life, rather than enjoying the free-flow state I was in earlier. This trip was a detour from that, and reminded that though everything isn't under control, I'm still living a life of immense privilege. Being able to fund an international trip on my own, being able to take off of work for a trip, all of which are blessings I'm not grateful enough for on the daily. </p><p>Travelling Internationally also reminded me that the world is my canvas, and I life exists beyond Indiranagar and Bangalore. It may sound stupid when I pen it out, but I've been feeling very stuck in a very comfy and honestly great life. Bangalore is feeling like home, built a great support system of people I absolutely adore in close vicinity, work I'm enjoying and overall happiness. But it seems like I'm getting too comfortable into that life, which seems like that of a <em>settled down </em>40 year old. Perhaps, media has spun a narrative that my early 20's need to be all about the hustle and trying out new things, living in new cities and not having a fixed set of people. </p><p>Ok, this is getting less about the trip. But I wanna say I really like Thailand as a country, and would love to live here sometime in the future. Minus the weather, (since I'm really not a fan of humidity) I honestly loved everything 😌 - The food,  the openness of people here and the stunning place of course! Ok, I'm going to rename this blogpost to Life Lately rather than making it about the trip hehe</p>